docs - update maps (#23389)
metabase/metabase: docs/users-guide/05-visualizing-results.md

When you select the **Map** visualization setting, Metabase will automatically try and pick the best kind of map to use based on the table or result set. Here are the maps that Metabase uses:

> - **United States Map**. Creating a map of the United States from your data requires your results to include a `State` column that contains two-letter state codes. This lets you do things like visualize the count of your users broken out by state, with darker states representing more users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **United States Map**. Creating a map of the United States from your data requires your results to include a `State` column that contains [two-letter state codes](https://about.usps.com/who/profile/history/state-abbreviations.html) (e.g., "AK" for Alaska, "VT" for Vermont, and so on). This column with state codes lets you do things like visualize the count of people broken out by state, with darker states representing more people.
```
